# InstagramAI

An autonomous Instagram influencer project that posts daily pictures with beautiful captions and is aware of real-life events, also replies to comments like a normal human (sometimes in a funny tone). This project is built in Node.js and utilizes various APIs and tools for generating prompts, creating images, and publishing posts on Instagram.

## Features
- Daily posts of 2-3 pictures, videos, and reels(coming soon..) on Instagram which is completely generated by the AI itself
- Reply to post comments with a human tone (coming soon..)
- Also sometimes chat with followers

## How it works

- Automatically generates prompts for images and captions using the Gemini-Pro API as a language model.
- Utilizes a hosted AI model via Photomaker to generate images based on the provided prompts.
- Publishes daily posts on Instagram using the Instagram-private-API package.
- Currently working on implementing functionality to reply to comments.
- Contributors are welcome to join and contribute to the project.

## Try this out

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/roni-ghosh/InstagramAI.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
cd InstagramAI
npm install
```

3. Set up your configuration:

   - Obtain API keys for the Gemini-Pro API and the hosted AI model (Photomaker).
   - Configure your Instagram account credentials.
   - Update the environment file (`.env`) with your API keys and Instagram credentials(Do not use your private account, create one for the project).

4. Run the application:

```bash
npm start
```

## Contributing

Contributions to InstagramAI are welcomed! Here's how you can contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/YourFeature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/YourFeature`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under  - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Disclaimer

This is a fun project and is not meant for any business purposes. Use it responsibly and respect the terms of service of the APIs and platforms you interact with.
